Add support for network policy (#177)
pajikos/home-assistant-helm-chart: charts/home-assistant/README.md

| `tolerations` | Tolerations settings for scheduling the pod based on node taints | `[]` |
| `affinity` | Affinity settings for controlling pod scheduling | `{}` |
| `priorityClassName` | Priority class name for Home Assistant pods | `""` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.egress` | Cilium network policy egress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[]` |

> | `networkPolicy.cilium.ingress` | Cilium network policy ingress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[]` |

Reviewer: The README says the Cilium ingress default is `[]`, but `values.yaml` defaults it to an allow rule for the named `http` port. The Kubernetes ingress row has the same mismatch. For a security-facing option, the documented defaults should match the rendered behavior.

Author: Yes, good look :)

| `tolerations` | Tolerations settings for scheduling the pod based on node taints | `[]` |
| `affinity` | Affinity settings for controlling pod scheduling | `{}` |
| `priorityClassName` | Priority class name for Home Assistant pods | `""` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.egress` | Cilium network policy egress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[]` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.enableDefaultDeny` | Cilium enableDefaultDeny parameter | `{}` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.ingress` | Cilium network policy ingress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[{"toPorts":[{"ports":[{"port":"http"}]}]}]` |

| `networkPolicy.egress`  | Kubernetes egress spec https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/ | `[]` |
| `networkPolicy.enabled` | Enable network policy management | `false` |
| `networkPolicy.flavor` | Network policy mode in kubernetes, cilium | `kubernetes` |
| `networkPolicy.ingress`  | Kubernetes ingress spec https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/| `[{"ports":[{"port":"http","protocol":"TCP"}]}]` |

> | `networkPolicy.policyTypes`  | Kubernetes enforce policyTypes instead of default inferred one https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/ | `[]` |

Reviewer: The blank line here terminates the markdown table, so every row below it (the five `networkPolicy.*` rows and all the `persistence.*` rows that follow) renders as raw pipe-delimited text on GitHub. This suggestion removes the blank line, normalizes the double spaces / missing space before `|` in a few rows, and notes the Cilium version requirement for `enableDefaultDeny` (1.15 rejects the field with a strict decoding error; it was added in 1.16).

```suggestion
| `networkPolicy.cilium.egress` | Cilium network policy egress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[]` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.enableDefaultDeny` | Cilium enableDefaultDeny parameter (requires Cilium >= 1.16) | `{}` |
| `networkPolicy.cilium.ingress` | Cilium network policy ingress https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/security/policy/ | `[{"toPorts":[{"ports":[{"port":"http"}]}]}]` |
| `networkPolicy.egress` | Kubernetes egress spec https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/ | `[]` |
| `networkPolicy.enabled` | Enable network policy management | `false` |
| `networkPolicy.flavor` | Network policy mode in kubernetes, cilium | `kubernetes` |
| `networkPolicy.ingress` | Kubernetes ingress spec https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/ | `[{"ports":[{"port":"http","protocol":"TCP"}]}]` |
| `networkPolicy.policyTypes` | Kubernetes enforce policyTypes instead of default inferred one https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/ | `[]` |
```

To enable hostNetwork, set `hostNetwork` to `true`.
HostNetwork is required for auto-discovery of Home Assistant, when not using auto-discovery, hostNetwork is not required and not recommended.

> ## Network Policies

Reviewer: The character between `##` and `Network` is a UTF-8 non-breaking space, so GitHub renders this line as the literal text `## Network Policies` instead of a heading. Replaced with a regular space.

```suggestion
## Network Policies
```

You can define a network policy attached to the pod generated by this chart.

> Two flavors are available, Kubernetes native policy or Cilium CNI policy, you can used one or other according to your setup and to the control level you want on the policy, because cilium allow more control on DNS queries for exemple.

Reviewer: Grammar fix.

```suggestion
Two flavors are available, Kubernetes native policy or Cilium CNI policy; you can use one or the other depending on your setup and the level of control you want, since Cilium allows more control (over DNS queries, for example).
```

Default values for network policy consist only in ingress flow allowed for http port.

Exemple of fully enforced Cilium with DNS filtering, allowing NodeRED ingress and MQTT egress

> ```

Reviewer: Typo (`Exemple`) and a language tag for the fence so the example gets YAML highlighting.

````suggestion
Example of fully enforced Cilium with DNS filtering, allowing NodeRED ingress and MQTT egress

```yaml
````

          protocol: TCP
        rules:
          dns: *dns_names
    # internal devices
    - toCIDR:
      # private home components
      - 10.1.20.128/28
    # multicast
    # SSDP / UPnP
    - toCIDR:
      - 239.255.255.250/32
      toPorts:
      - ports:
        - port: "1900"
          protocol: UDP
    # mDNS / Bonjour / Avahi
    - toCIDR:
      - 224.0.0.251/32
      toPorts:
      - ports:
        - port: "5353"
          protocol: UDP
    - toCIDR:
      - 255.255.255.255/32
      toPorts:
      - ports:
        - port: "1982"
          protocol: UDP
    # to mqtt
    - toEndpoints:
      - matchLabels:
          k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace: mosquitto
          k8s:app.kubernetes.io/instance: mosquitto
          k8s:app.kubernetes.io/name: mosquitto
      toPorts:
      - ports:
        - port: '1883'
          protocol: TCP
        - port: '8883'
          protocol: TCP
    ingress:
    # from nodered
    - fromEndpoints:
      - matchLabels:
          k8s:app.kubernetes.io/instance: nodered
          k8s:app.kubernetes.io/name: node-red
          k8s:io.kubernetes.pod.namespace: nodered
```

Exemple with simple Kubernetes with minimal filtering

> ```

Reviewer: Same typo and missing language tag as the Cilium example above.

````suggestion
Example of a simple Kubernetes policy with minimal filtering

```yaml
````
